Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(street noises)
♫ (music begins)
(Inhale)
(exhale)
♫ IT'S A NEW DAY
♫ RISE AND SHINE
♫ WITH A PERFECTLY PLANNED
♫ PLAN IN MIND
♫ A NEW DAY
♫ IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
♫ AT THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT NEAR
♫ THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A
♫ IT'S A NEW DAY
♫ HARRY
♫ A NEW DAY
♫ HIS DAD
♫ IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
♫ AT THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT NEAR
♫ THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A...
♫ IT’S A NEW DAY
♫ NOTHING GOES AS IT’S PLANNED
♫ NEVER DOES
♫ SO WHY DO WE THINK THAT WE KNOW
♫ WHEN WE DON’T
♫ NEW GOES ASKEW
♫ TODAY GOES ASTRAY. ASTRAY. ASTRAY …
♫ AT THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT NEAR
♫ NEAR THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A...
♫ A NEW DAY
♫ SHERRI
♫ HER MOM
♫ A NEW DAY
♫ IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
♫ AT THE TRENDY BRIDAL SHOP NEXT DOOR
♫ TO THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT NEAR
♫ THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A...
♫ TODAY. NOT YESTERDAY. OR TOMORROW
♫ NOW. NOT SOONER OR LATER
♫ WE THREE. BE HERE WITH YOU
♫ TO SHARE AN ALTERNATIVE POINT OF VIEW
♫ YOU SEE US
♫ THEY DON’T
♫ YOU HEAR US
♫ THEY WON’T.
♫ WE’RE UP STAGE
♫ DOWN STAGE LEFT
♫ STAGE RIGHT. WE'RE
♫ EVERYWHERE. YET OUT OF SIGHT
♫ WE SEE UNSEEN
♫ WE SEE IT ALL
♫ IN RHYTHM AND RHYME
♫ WE BREAK THROUGH THE WALL
♫ IT’S A NEW DAY
♫ NOTHING GOES AS IT’S PLANNED
♫ NEVER DOES
♫ SO WHY DO WE THINK THAT WE KNOW
♫ WHEN WE DON'T
♫ IT'S A NEW DAY NOTHING GOES
♫ AS IT'S PLANNED
♫ ASTRAY. ASTRAY. ASTRAY...
♫ AT
♫ THE TRENDY BRIDAL SHOP
♫ AND AT
♫ THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT
♫ NEAR
♫ THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A...
♫ (music vamps)
That's it.
I got it... I got it.
Ya got what. Dad?
BIG HARRY: Ow! Cazzo
What'd you expect? It's cappuccino.
I wanted to see how deep the foam was.
Well. now you know.
Oh! That’s the biscotti.
I’ve figured it out. I’ve got the answer.
Got the answer to what. Dad?
The answer to our survival.
Every day a new ethnic
restaurant opens on the block.
That’s what people want. Variety.
So. we’ll give it to them all in one place.
Another cockamamie scheme?
You know how well your
Cajun Greek fusion menus went over.
My mistake was combining them.
This is different.
♫ (music begins)
♫ MONDAY CHICKEN TIKKA…
Indian?
Cudicini’s becomes an Indian restaurant?
♫ TUESDAY CHICKEN TERIYAKI…
LITTLE HARRY: And then we magically
become Japanese the next day?
♫ WEDNESDAY CHICKEN TACO…
LITTLE HARRY: Oh great! Mexican too?
♫ THURSDAY CHICKEN SOUVLAKI…
♫ FRIDAY CHICKEN FRICASEE
♫ SATURDAY CHICKEN CHOW MEIN
♫ SUNDAY CHICKEN PARMESAN …
Oh my God. Dad. This isn’t a food court.
♫ WHERE TELL ME WHERE CAN YOU HAVE
♫ SOMETHING DIFFERENT EVERY NIGHT
♫ WAITERS WEARING COLORS
♫ INSTEAD OF BORING BLACK AND WHITE
♫ TELL ME WHERE
♫ DO YOU HAVE SUCH A CHOICE
♫ OF THINGS TO EAT
♫ A DIFFERENT MENU EVERY DAY
♫ HERE WE DO IT HARRY’S WAY
“A different menu every day.” No no no.
That’s a really bad idea.
Shrimp!
♫ MONDAY SHRIMP TIKKA
♫ TUESDAY SHRIMP TERIYAKI
♫ WEDNESDAY SHRIMP TACO
♫ THURSDAY SHRIMP SOUVLAKI
♫ FRIDAY SHRIMP FRICASEE
♫ SATURDAY SHRIMP CHOW MEIN
♫ SUNDAY SHRIMP PARMESAN
♫ WHERE. TELL ME WHERE
VOICES: ♫ MONDAY SHIMP TIKKA
♫ COME ON IN. GRAB A CHAIR
VOICES: ♫ TUESDAY SHRIMP TERIYAKI
♫ WE’RE ONE OF A KIND
VOICES: ♫ WEDNESDAY SHRIMP TACO
♫ RELAX AND UNWIND
VOICES: ♫ THURSDAY SHRIMP SOUVLAKI
♫ COME AND GET IT WHILE IT’S HOT
VOICES: ♫ OOO...
♫ I PROMISE IT WILL HIT THE
ALL: ♫ … SPOT
♫ A DIFFERENT MENU EVERY DAY
♫ HERE WE DO IT HARRY’S
♫ WAY
I don’t believe you.
Come on. just give it a chance.
♫ WHERE. TELL ME WHERE
♫ CAN YOU TAKE A TRIP
♫ AROUND THE WORLD
♫ IN JUST ONE WEEK
Where. Dad?
♫ RIGHT HERE
♫ BOMBAY. TOKYO
♫ MEXICO. ATHENS
♫ HONG KONG. PARIS. ROME …
LITTLE HARRY: Ridiculous!
♫ WHERE ELSE. NO PLACE I TELL YOU
♫ NO PLACE I KNOW
♫ SERVES DIFFERENT FOOD
♫ FROM A DIFFERENT
♫ COUNTRY EVERY NIGHT
♫ A DIFFERENT SPICE
♫ AT A DECENT PRICE
BOTH: ♫ MONDAY PORK TIKKA
♫ TUESDAY PORK TERIYAKI
♫ WEDNESDAY PORK TACO
♫ THURSDAY PORK SOUVLAKI
♫ FRIDAY PORK FRICASEE
♫ SATURDAY PORK CHOW MEIN
♫ SUNDAY PORK PARMESAN
♫ WHERE ELSE NO PLACE I TELL YOU
VOICES: ♫ MONDAY PORK TIKKA
♫ NO PLACE I KNOW SERVES DIFFERENT FOOD
VOICES: ♫ TUESDAY PORK TERIYAKI. WEDNESDAY PORK TACO
♫ FROM A DIFFERENT COUNTRY EVERY NIGHT
VOICES: ♫ THURSDAY PORK SOUVLAKI. FRIDAY PORK FRICASEE
ALL: ♫ EVERY NIGHT A DIFFERENT SPICE
♫ AT A DECENT PRICE
LITTLE HARRY: Bombay?
♫ TELL ME WHERE
VOICES: ♫ OOO... PORK TIKKA
♫ COME IN. GRAB A CHAIR
VOICES: ♫ OOO... PORK TERIYAKI
♫ WE'RE ONE OF A KIND
VOICES: ♫ OOO... PORK TACO
♫ RELAX AND UNWIND
VOICES: ♫ AAH...
ALL: ♫ COME AND GET IT WHILE IT’S HOT
♫ I PROMISE IT WILL HIT THE …
♫ SPOT
♫ A DIFFERENT MENU EVERY DAY
♫ HERE WE DO IT HARRY’S
LITTLE HARRY: Bombay?
♫ WAY
♫ TELL ME WHERE
VOICES: ♫ TELL ME WHERE. GRAB A CHAIR
♫ COME IN. GRAB A CHAIR
♫ WE'RE ONE OF A KIND
VOICES: ♫ WHERE CAN YOU FILL YOUR CUP
♫ RELAX AND UNWIND
VOICES: ♫ UNTIL IT OVERFLOWS
♫ COME AND GET IT WHILE IT'S HOT
VOICES: ♫ AHH...
♫ I PROMISE IT WILL HIT THE...
ALL: ♫ SPOT
♫ A DIFFERENT PALATE EVERY NIGHT
♫ EAT AT HARRY’S DO IT RIGHT
♫ A DIFFERENT MENU EVERY DAY
♫ HERE WE DO IT HARRY'S
♫ WAY
♫ HARRY'S WAY
♫ (music plays out)
Dad. wait. I need to talk to you.
In Italian: Non. Ora (Not now)
I gotta go to Canal Street to pick up
spices for all the new cuisines.
Do you even know what you’d need?
BIG HARRY: (speaking in Italian)
♫ (music begins)
♫ DAD … HOW TO SAY THIS
♫ WITHOUT KILLING YOU?
♫ I'M LEAVING DAD
♫ I'VE APPLIED FOR A NEW POSITION...
♫ I WANT TO BE A CHEF DAD
♫ NOT A COOK … A CHEF
♫ WORK FOR THE BEST. NOT THAT
♫ YOU'RE NOT THE BEST … DAD
♫ YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN …
♫ NO. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT I MEAN …
♫ DAD I REALLY LOVE YOU
♫ BUT DAD I’M ALMOST THIRTY
♫ AND I WANT TO MOVE ON
♫ MOVE ON …
♫ SO I'VE APPLIED TO BE
♫ THE SOUS CHEF AT FELIDIA
♫ IF THEY CHOOSE ME
♫ I'LL BE WORKING FOR
♫ LIDIA BASTIANICH
♫ ME. DAD …
♫ YOUR SON …
♫ WORKING FOR
♫ LIDIA …
♫ MY INSPIRATION. MY MUSE. MY LIFE
♫ LIDIA … QUEEN OF ITALIAN CUISINE
♫ LIDIA … SICILY … PUGLIA … MARCHE
♫ LIDIA … PLUMP FOOD GODDESS BASTIANICH
♫ LIDIA … CICCI
♫ BRESAOLA. PROSCIUTTO
♫ LIDIA … GNOCCHI
♫ POLPETTE. BRANZINO
♫ LIDIA … FUSILLONI
♫ BROCCOLI RABE AGLIO
♫ LIDIA … BISCOTTI
♫ FIGHI. ESPRESSO
♫ LI … DIA …
♫ ROSSO DI MONTALCINO
(Claps hands)
♫ “TUTTI A TAVOLA A MANGIARE”
♫ LIDIA …
VOICES: ♫ AHH
♫ LIDIA … LIDIA ...
♫ LIDIA …
VOICES: ♫ AHH
♫ LIDIA … LIDIA ...
♫ LI - I - I - I - IDIA...
♫ LIDIA...
♫ (music continues)
♫ A NEW DAY
♫ IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
♫ AT THE TRENDY BRIDAL SHOP
♫ NEXT DOOR TO THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT
♫ NEAR THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A …
Sherri. do you need any help?
SHERRI: No. I'm fine. Mom.
Siri! Call Lewis Miller Floral Designs.
VOICE: Call Lewis Miller Floral Designs.
Lewis! Francine Walters here ..
Listen. I wanted to triple check
on the flower arrangements –
you’ve ordered white. not blue. hydrangea. yes?
And white French tulips?
No. no. No baby’s breath.
God how gauche.
Lewis ... You won’t believe
where Sherri’s dragged me?
Zoya for Brides ...
You’ve heard of it?
Chic?
Only in New York would you find a little hole in the wall
shop selling dresses that cost almost as much
as an Oscar de la Rente original...
alright. alright. you’re right.
Sherri is worth it.
♫ (music begins)
♫ MY LITTLE GIRL
♫ MY BUTTERCUP
♫ MY BABY’S GETTING MARRIED
♫ MY ONE AND ONLY DARLING DAUGHTER
♫ LOVE OF MY LIFE … WILL BE A WIFE
♫ MY PRECIOUS PLUM
♫ MY SWEETIE PIE
♫ THE APPLE OF MY EYE
♫ THE LITTLE GIRL I BIRTHED AND FED
♫ MY PRIDE AND JOY
♫ WILL BE NEW … LY WED
♫ TRA LA LA LA
♫ LA LA LA LA LA
♫ NEWLY WED
VOICES: ♫ HER LITTLE GIRL
♫ HER BUTTERCUP
♫ HER BABY’S GETTING MARRIED
♫ HER ONE AND ONLY
♫ DARLING DAUGHTER
♫ LOVE OF HER LIFE … WILL BE A WIFE
♫ HER PRECIOUS PLUM
♫ HER SWEETIE PIE
♫ THE APPLE OF HER EYE
♫ THE LITTLE GIRL
♫ I BIRTHED AND FED
♫ MY PRIDE AND JOY
VOICES: ♫ AHH
♫ WILL BE
ALL: ♫ NEWLY
♫ WED
VOICES: ♫ AHH
♫ TRA LA LA LA
♫ LA LA LA LA LA
ALL: ♫ TRA LA LA LA
♫ NEWLY
♫ WED
VOICES: ♫ AHH
Sherri? Sherri!
Did Zoya fly to Belgium to pick up the lace?
I’ll be out in a minute. Chill. Mom.
I hate that expression.
Siri! Call Marie Bonsard at The Ritz. Paris.
VOICE: Call Mary Bonsard Ritz Paris.
Bonjour Marie –
Oui mignon. c’est Francine Williams
I wanted to make sure le Deluxe Suite
is confirmed for my Sherri’s lune de miel –
no. no. mignon. not le Petite
Deluxe Suite – le Deluxe.
Do I need to speak to the manager?
D’accord. Le Suite Deluxe.
on a high floor facing the
Place Vendome. Merveilleux.
♫ (music begins)
VOICES: ♫ AHH
♫ ALMOST A BRIDE
♫ ALMOST WALKING DOWN THE AISLE
♫ WITH MY ALMOST BRIDE GROOM
♫ BRANDON
♫ WALKING BY MY SIDE
♫ ALMOST HUSBAND
♫ ALMOST WIFE
♫ ALMOST …
♫ MARRIED LIFE
Look at you.
Oh … just look at you.
I can’t hold back a minute longer …
Do you want to hear your wedding present?
No. Not without Brandon.
I put down a deposit on a fabulous condo
for you and your fiancé.
You did?
Where?
Eighty ninth and Lex.
In your building?
No .. Mom. no.
You know that Brandon and I have been looking for lofts in Dumbo.
Where???
Dumbo. It’s in Brooklyn.
Oh. my God.
No.
In our building you’ll be safe ...
and you’ll have a built in babysitter.
♫ (music begins)
Look. I have it all figured out –
♫ OF COURSE YOU DO
♫ MOMMY ANYTHING FOR YOU
♫ MOMMY EVERYTHING FOR YOU
♫ TIME OUT
♫ I’M TWENTY NINE
♫ I WANT TO BUILD A LIFE THAT’S MINE
♫ SOMEONE’S GOT TO DRAW THE LINE
♫ I’VE TRIED TO CUT THE CORD
♫ BUT THE CORD IS TOUGH
♫ THE OLDER I GET
♫ THE ROUGHER THE MOTHER
♫ MOTHER DAUGHTER STUFF
♫ IT’S NOT THAT I DON’T APPRECIATE YOU …
♫ I DO
♫ BUT I’M ALMOST THIRTY
♫ AND I AM SO LOOKING FORWARD
♫ TO FINALLY LIVING IN MY OWN PLACE
♫ CLOSE YET FAR ENOUGH
♫ AWAY FROM YOU …
♫ ALMOST A BRIDE
♫ ALMOST WALKING DOWN THE AISLE
♫ WITH MY ALMOST BRIDE GROOM
♫ BRANDON
♫ WALKING BY MY SIDE
♫ ALMOST HUSBAND
♫ ALMOST WIFE
♫ ALMOST … MARRIED
VOICES: ♫ TRA LA AHH …
♫ TRA LA AHH …
♫ ALMOST HUSBAND
VOICES: ♫ OOO ...
♫ ALMOST WIFE
♫ ALMOST …
♫ MARRIED
♫ LIFE
♫ (music begins)
Basmati rice and saffron
and .. turmeric and ginger root .. and
tchotchke’s for the tables -
Buddhas and Eiffel Towers and Taj Mahals.
Indian night at Cudicini’s begins next Monday.
LITTLE HARRY: What? No!
We’ll turn every dish into a curry dish. Little Harry.
Bolognaise curry. Milanese curry.
Veal parmesan curry ---
No!
Relax. kid. it’ll be fun.
Wait. I need to talk to you NOW.
BIG HARRY: Non ora. ("Not now")
Later. Later. I’ve got a lot to do.
LITTLE HARRY: Dad. Stop ...
I’m on the short list for a job as sous chef
at Felidia.
Felidia?
What the hell are you saying?
I’m on the short list at Felidia ...
You know. Lidia Bastianich's restaurant on 58th Street …
Yeah. yeah. I know who she is ...
That's not the point.
I've been trying to tell you for ages.
I want to be a real chef with proper training.
What? Cooking lunch and
dinner every week for over ten years isn’t proper training?
No. Not real training. Dad.
What’re you? A traitor?
♫ (music begins)
Traitor. Dad? You don’t mean that.
BIG HARRY: I goddamn do mean that.
♫ WHY DO I DO IT?
just listen to me.
♫ WHY DO I WORK SO HARD AND
♫ SEEM TO GET NOWHERE?
♫ WHY DOES MY LIFE LOOK LIKE A PILE OF CRAP?
Dad. would you just listen to me?
♫ YOU MIGHT THINK I WAS A BUM
♫ BUT I'M NOT
♫ I WORK HARD ALL MY LIFE
♫ AND FOR WHAT?
♫ WHY DO I DO IT?
This is a really big opportunity.
♫ FOR THE NAME
♫ I DO IT FOR THE FAMILY NAME
♫ I FIGHT … I STAY IN THE GAME
♫ WHY?
♫ FOR THE FAMILY NAME
I’m tired of being a short order cook.
A short order cook? What is this. a diner?
Ok. then. A red sauce cook.
You know what I’m talking about.
Cudicini’s isn’t good enough for you. huh?
All those phony celebrity chefs
fill your head with dreams.
Top chef ... Top Italian chef ...
Top bullshit chef ...
Next thing you’ll be wanting your own TV show.
♫ (music changes)
♫ AT LEAST I DREAM. SO WHAT?
♫ I WANT TO EXPLORE
♫ I WANT MORE
♫ EVERYTHING YOU DO
♫ EVERYTHING YOU DREAM
♫ EVERYTHING YOU WANT
♫ IS STUCK INSIDE THESE WALLS
♫ YOUR DAD DID IT
♫ YOU DO IT …
♫ NOW YOU WANT ME TO DO
♫ THE SAME THING
♫ IN THE THE SAME PLACE
♫ TRYING OUT ANOTHER FREAKIN’ CRAZY IDEA
♫ YOU’RE RIGHT I CAN’T DO IT
♫ AND I WON’T
♫ AND WHY WOULD I?
♫ WHY SHOULD I?
♫ LITTLE HARRY DANTE CARLO CUDICINI ...
♫ YOU DO IT
♫ FOR THE FAMILY NAME
♫ YOU THINK I'M A JOKE
♫ WELL. MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT
♫ TOTALLY BROKE
♫ WORKING MY BONES TO KEEP
♫ THIS BUSINESS ALIVE
♫ TRYING TO BE STRONG
♫ TO KEEP THIS THING MOVING ALONG
♫ LONGER THAN ME
♫ THAT'S ALL I WANT
♫ NO MORE
♫ NO LESS
♫ AND WHAT DO I GET?
♫ A BIG FUCKING MESS
♫ WHY DO I DO IT?
♫ WHY?
So ...
when do I start looking for your replacement?
It’s a long shot anyhow.
Well if you get it.
at least you’ll give me notice. right?
Dad. Try to understand.
Oh. yes. Capisco! ("I understand")
I understand alright.
Boy. do I understand.
You think you’re such an ‘artiste’ ...
If I hadn’t given you a job.
you’d be dunking fries in
week old oil at Micky D’s.
I need a break.
♫ (music begins)
(phone rings)
Hello. Hey Suzy. what’s going on?
Oh. no.
FRANCINE: What happened?
Brandon’s assistant says he canceled the menu tasting at noon.
Why?
SHERRI: Why did he...?
He’s with an investor.
Well. it’s 11:30. Tell him to reinstate it.
Let me talk to him.
Where’d he go?
Where'd he go?
SHERRI: With who?
SHERRI: Beatrice Coviington?
FRANCINE: The model?
Wow. I didn’t know she was a client?
It’s fine we don’t need him for the tasting.
I do.
Thanks suzy. I’ll call his cell.
Hey sweetie. what’s going on?
They’ve been prepping all morning …
I’m interrupting your meeting ... in your office?
What?
Suzy said you that you left with
Beatrice Covington ...
Suzy lied?
FRANCINE: Suzy lied?
Mom!
Oh. you did leave.
See?
Then why did he say he was --
FRANCINE: Why did you say that you
were in a meeting in your office ...
no. I’m not giving you the third degree.
It’s not what I think? What do you think
I think. that you’re shacked up at some hotel with
that model?
No. I didn’t have you followed.
I was kidding.
Oh no.
No. No.
Of course it’s cheating.
You bastard –
He tried to say it wasn’t cheating because we weren’t
married yet.
How could he do this to me? I thought he loved me.
FRANCINE: Sherri ...
Oh. God. Not now.
It’s The Four Seasons banquet manager.
I’ll call him later.
Take it.
Hello? Yes. I know.
No.
No need to reschedule.
The wedding is off.
Uh. oh dear.
You go take a cab.
I'm going to walk home.
♫ (music begins)
(door slams)
(street noises)
♫ (music begins)
♫ ALMOST A BRIDE
♫ ALMOST WALKING DOWN THE AISLE
♫ WITH THAT
♫ SLEAZY ASSHOLE
♫ BRANDON
♫ YOUR DAD DID IT
♫ YOU DO IT
♫ NOW YOU WANT ME TO DO
♫ THE SAME THING
SHERRI: ♫ ALMOST WIFE
♫ IN THE SAME PLACE
♫ I CAN'T I WON'T
SHERRI: ♫ ALMOST MADE THE BIGGEST
♫ MISTAKE
LITTLE HARRY: ♫ WHY WOULD I?
SHERRI: ♫ OF MY ALMOST MARRIED LIFE
LITTLE HARRY: ♫ WHY SHOULD I?
God. I really dodged a bullet
You did?
SHERRI: To think I thought he was a catch.
Who?
My asshole cheating ex-fiancé Brandon.
He’s been having an affair with Beatrice Covington.
the super model.
Ugh!
This is the worst day of my life. (cries)
I totally get it.
(sobs)
Oh. uh.
What’re you doing in this alley? Are you a thief?
Here. Go on.
LITTLE HARRY: Please. no ...
Take it. I don’t want it.
LITTLE HARRY: Please. no.
Then what do you want then?
I’m on a break.
I’m the cook at my dad’s restaurant
Oh. you're a chef?
LITTLE HARRY: Cook.
You are?
I’m such a foodie.
What kind of chef/cook are you?
I used to make Italian food.
but that's all about to change... a new concept.
Every night a different menu.
Mondays - Indian. Tuesdays - Japanese.
Wednesday – God knows. Thursday – who cares.
That sounds weird.
Desperate measures for desperate times.
Business sucks lately.
Sucks. like it might close?
It’s not good.
That’s too bad. I was all set to give it a try.
I just got dumped.
I'm sorry.
Correction. I dumped Brandon because he…
Cheated.
Who told you?
LITTLE HARRY: You did. "Asshole cheating --"
Oh... (laughs)
Can I get you something?
Ativan. valium. xanax...
I’m not fussy.
LITTLE HARRY: (laughs)
Sorry.
What's your name?
Sherri Williams. What's yours?
Harry Cudicini.
Why don’t you come by after i finish up.
I feel like testing some new recipes tonight
and you said you’re a foodie.
Maybe you can tell me what you think.
Cool... Okay.
Yeah. I guess. Sure.
Why not?
I’ve got nothing better to do now that I’m not getting married.
Hey I'll buy the wine.
That’ll give me something to do. (laughs)
LITTLE HARRY: That's okay.
I got it covered.
SHERRI: Oh.
Okay.
What time?
Eleven.
Okay. Cool.
See you at eleven.
♫ (grand music)
♫ OOO …
♫ TELL ME. TELL ME WHERE
♫ COME ON IN (COME ON IN. COME ON IN)
♫ GRAB A CHAIR
♫ ONE OF A KIND (ONE OF A KIND)
♫ AHH …
♫ RELAX (RELAX. RELAX) AND UNWIND
♫ COME AND GET IT
♫ (COME AND GET IT. COME AND GET IT)
♫ WHILE IT’S HOT
♫ I PROMISE IT WILL
♫ HIT THE SPOT
♫ ARANCINE
♫ BEEF. PEAS. PLUM TOMATOES
♫ EXTRA VIRGIN OLIVE OIL
♫ STUFFED RICE BALLS
♫ AND A BOTTLE OF PROSECCO
Can you believe I still live with my mother?
Yeah. well I live upstairs with my Dad ...
He still waits up for me when I go out.
You’re kidding. right?
LITTLE HARRY: Not entirely.
We work together and we live together.
Oh God Harry. me too.
Right after I got my MBA.
out of the blue my dad
decided he wants to go move to Virgin Gorda
and live on a boat...
without us.
Oh no … that’s really sad
Yea it was.
Especially for my mother.
Not just his leaving. but he decided to take
whatever money they had in the bank
with him and leaving her to manage
their real estate holdings on her own.
Did she even know how?
Not at first.
She was in way over her heard.
So she begged for me to come home and help her out.
So. here I am six years later.
I get it.
Sherri. I applied for a
job as sous-chef at Felidia.
I should be hearing from her any day now.
Harry! That is
so. so brave.
It is. isn't it?
The timing's not great but
I need proper training if I’m gonna be a
four star Italian chef.
A four star chef.
I am so impressed.
Here’s to you.
(glasses clink)
If Lidia calls me back.
SHERRI: Fingers crossed.
♫ (music continues)
♫ GNOCCHI ALLA BAVA
♫ BUTTER. CREAM
♫ PARMIGIANO-REGGIANO
♫ DROOLING GNOCCHI
♫ AND A BOTTLE OF BIANCO
Ahh .. This gnoochi is amazing.
The sauce must be a thousand
calories per spoonful. What’s in it?
Cream. parmesan cheese. cream.
fontina. more cream -
okay. Stop … I don’t need to know.
Do you know. I think I’ve tried
all fifty varieties of pasta.
Try six hundred.
Shut up.
You're making that up.
LITTLE HARRY: No. Google it if you like.
“600 types of pasta.”
Ha! Well. wikipedia isn’t always right...
Hey! You were going to show me a picture of your mom.
Oh...
She’s so pretty...
And so young.
She was only eighteen when she had me.
I don’t even remember her.
I was just a baby when she left.
You mean she just took off?
Well. she was just a kid herself.
Harry. that’s terrible.
not to have a mom.
or even remember her ...
She wasn’t ready for all that responsibility.
You were her baby. She abandoned you.
I was hardly abandoned.
Oh. my God...
I’m so sorry. I sound so judgmental.
Actually ...
it felt really caring.
♫ (music continues)
♫ SALSICCIA
♫ CON PEPERINO
♫ CHERRY PEPPERS
♫ MUSHROOMS
♫ SWEET ITALIAN SAUSAGE
♫ AND A BOTTLE OF CHIANTI
I’ve never had such a feast.
I’ve died and gone to heaven.
You look pretty alive to me.
(she laughs)
In fact I can see your heart beating
– thump thump. thump thump.
- thump. thump.
thump. thump. thump. thump thump
Quit looking at my stuff.
(both chuckle)
Sherri. I told you Lidia’s my escape plan. What’s yours?
You mean. now that I’m not marrying ‘asshole”--
BOTH: ‘cheating ex-fiance’ -
I’m not sure ...
I’m good at what I do
but I don’t want to spend the rest
of my life collecting rents ...
I want something I can really
dig my teeth into …
back into my marketing skills ...
come up with some app .. or some
product that people can’t really live without.
Like the George Foreman grill.
Oh. I can live without the George Foreman grill.
Okay. (laughs)
well. how about
q-tips.
LITTLE HARRY: Oh.
zippers.
That’s it. The zipper. How did
we live before they were invented.
Buttons.
You’re impossible.
(laughs)
Seriously. I just need that one great idea
and I’ll be off and running.
Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?
♫ (music continues)
♫ CROSTATA CILIEGIA
♫ SUGAR. BUTTER
♫ EGG YOLK. FRUIT JAM
♫ CHUNKY CHERRY TARTLETT
♫ AND A GLASS OF LIMONCELLO
It must be 100 degrees in here.
It’s the wine.
(both laugh)
“It’s the wine.” Listen to you.
You’re a bit drunk.
LITTLE HARRY: Oh. you think?
(both laughing)
(both sigh)
Oh!
LITTLE HARRY: Oh!
Eww .. it’s all gooey.
I can feel it.
It's a gooey cherry. What did you expect?
Let me get that.
Huh? No. No.
(puts cherry on dish)
(she laughs)
Sherri. can I say something really truly personal?
That sounds scary.
Your fiancé was an idiot.
Having an affair with an actress –
Model.
When he had someone like you.
You’re smart.
Sexy. Funny. Warm.
Stop.
And me. I’m not exactly the cool
kind of guy you’ve been dating.
Poor Harry. You’re not that
uncool.
I mean.
uncool can actually be pretty
hot.
A kind of ...
sweet ... hot.
Did you just call me sweetheart?
SHERRI: No.
Sweet Hot.
Oh.
SHERRI: No. no. no.
Sweet is good.
Really good.
I so need sweet right now.
You do?
(music swells)
♫ LABBRA. LIPS
♫ LINGUA. TONGUE
♫ GUSTO. TASTE
♫ SEDUZIONE
♫ NUDO. NAKED
♫ GAMBE. LEGS
♫ COSCE. THIGHS
♫ EROTICO
♫ TOCARRE. TOUCH
♫ LECCATA. LICK
♫ GEMITO
♫ OH … (OH … OH … )
♫ OHHH …
♫ DOLCE COME LO ZUCCHERO!
Why are you looking at me like that?
Pinch me. I think I’m dreaming.
Ow!
Sorry … you did say pinch me.
You’re the kind of woman I never
in a million years thought would be caught
dead with someone like me.
Shut up.
I mean it.
Once news gets out that you’re
not marrying Brandon. you’ll be
swept off your feet by the kind of man that
deserves you and I’ll be history.
What’s that supposed to mean ...
♫ (gentle music begins)
... the kind of man who deserves me?
♫ YOU’RE UPTOWN
♫ I’M DOWN
♫ YOU’RE RICH
♫ I’M NOT
♫ YOU’RE ROYALTY
♫ I’M A REGULAR JOE
♫ AND I DON’T WANT TO LET YOU GO
♫ SO WHAT IF WE’RE DIFFERENT
♫ I’M BORED WITH THE SAME
♫ OPPOSITES
♫ ATTRACT
♫ THEY DO
♫ AND I LOVE BEING HERE WITH YOU
♫ I NEVER THOUGHT I’D BE FALLING SO QUICKLY
♫ I NEVER THOUGHT
♫ VERY MUCH ABOUT FALLING AT ALL
♫ PLEASANT SURPRISE
♫ AS I LOOK IN YOUR EYES
♫ YOU ARE ALL I SEE …
♫ I’M TREMBLING INSIDE
♫ SO AM I …
♫ THIS MUST BE
♫ LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT
♫ WE WERE MEANT TO BE
♫ IN THE RIGHT PLACE
♫ AT THE RIGHT TIME …
Will you?
What?
Marry me?
Uh ...
That's crazy.
I know.
♫ HARRY.
♫ MARRY ME …
♫ (uplifting music)
VOICES: ♫ LOVE IS LOVE IS LOVE
♫ IS GRAND
♫ IT GOES AND COMES
♫ LIKE SLEIGHT OF HAND
♫ MAGICALLY
♫ APPEARS TO BE
♫ THE ONLY THING IN LIFE
♫ (IN LIFE. IN LIFE … )
♫ THAT’S FREE …
♫ IF YOU’RE LOOKING
♫ YOU WON’T FIND IT
♫ IT WILL FIND YOU
♫ WHEN YOU STOP
(Inhale. exhale)
♫ LOOK AT THEM
♫ UNLIKELY PAIR
♫ DOWN THERE
♫ IN DREAMLAND
Dreamland!
♫ AHH …
♫ IT’S A NEW DAY
♫ SWEPT AWAY
♫ A NEW DAY
♫ IN LOVE’S EMBRACE
♫ IN THE AFTERGLOW
♫ ASLEEP BESIDE THE TABLE.
♫ SNUGGLED UNDERNEATH THE CHECKERED CLOTH
♫ AT THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT
♫ NEAR THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A …
♫ (gentle music)
(bed covers rustling)
(thud of dropped shoe)
(covers rustling again)
(footsteps)
(setting down book)
Ahh!
SHERRI: Ahh! LITTLE HARRY: Ahh!
ALL: Ahh!
LITTLE HARRY: It's okay Dad. it's okay.
Who the hell are you? I almost had a heart attack.
Don’t worry. His heart’s stronger than mine.
Are you gonna introduce me. Little Harry?
Dad! Just Harry.
I'm Sherri Williams.
I just want to let you to know. your son
is the most delicious.
sweet. nice man on earth.
Really?
Dad. Sherri and I are engaged.
Engaged in what?
We’re getting married.
Married?
You never mentioned you were seeing
someone. much less serious.
When did you two lovebirds meet?
Yesterday.
Yesterday?
We met him in the alley.
He was on a break and
I was leaving Zoya’s.
Are you both out of your minds?
Take it easy.
He's okay. He's okay.
Dad. Sherri and I had a really magical date last night.
And I know. it sounds crazy. but lightning just struck.
Kaboom!
Kaboom?
It’s not like we’re getting married tomorrow.
Maybe in a year or so?
LITTLE HARRY: Or two or three?
Ma che cazzo gli gira in testa! E impazzito!
("This is the craziest thing I have ever heard in my life")
My son is crazy!
You just need time to digest the news.
I hope it’s okay.
I called my Mom left a message for her to meet me here.
Here? Your mother's coming here?
Yeah. I wanted her to meet you.
I better get changed.
Can I. uh.
get you a cup of coffee?
That'd be nice.
BIG HARRY: Okay.
(setting cups down)
Thank you. Mr. Cudicini.
Please. call me Harry.
What happened to your finger? It’s bright red.
Va bene va bene. ("It's okay")
Burnt it yesterday morning ...
happens all the time.
Occupational hazard.
It’s going to blister.
Where's your First Aid kit?
This is silly. It’s nothing.
SHERRI: You want it to get an infection?
Okay. But don't make a big bandage.
Here. (sets down the first aid kit)
Now ...
Try not to get it wet.
You're a regular Florence Nightingale.
I took a First Aid class in high school.
You never know when it’ll come in handy.
Il sempre pronto ("Always prepared")
Can you teach me how to speak Italian?
I love the way it sounds.
Then maybe you can teach my son...
he’s not so interested.
Capisco perfettamente. Dad.
("I understand perfectly")
(sets cutting board down)
BIG HARRY: Now you're trying to impress me.
So speak Italian once in a while.
LITTLE HARRY: I just did.
Coffee with biscotti. the perfect breakfast.
(crunches on biscotti. then chewing)
Mmm ...
This is amazing.
Crunchy but not too hard.
And really great flavor. What’s it? Ginger?
BOTH: Anise ...
Hazel nuts or almonds?
BOTH: Almonds.
Do you sell them?
LITTLE HARRY: Sure. they're on the menu.
No. I mean do you
box and sell them.
Where’d you get the recipe?
BIG HARRY: Oh ...
It’s a secret recipe passed on
from my great grandmother
to my grandmother to my mother.
My nonna. She was really tiny
so we called her Nonnina.
♫ (music begins)
♫ IT’S A NO BRAINER-
♫ TASTE THEM. SMELL THEM
♫ SELL THEM BY THE DOZENS
♫ AT THE MARKET
♫ IN UNION SQUARE …
♫ BEFORE YOU KNOW IT THEY'LL BE SELLING
♫ EVERYWHERE …
♫ WE NEED MONEY. EXTRA MONEY
♫ THIS IDEA
♫ CAN MAKE YOU MONEY
♫ A SWEET LITTLE PACKAGE
♫ WITH NONNINA’S FACE
♫ A FEW BISCOTTI INSIDE
♫ AND THE MONEY WILL FLOW
♫ ALONG WITH FAMILY PRIDE
♫ NONNINA’S BISCOTTI
♫ WITH COFFEE. WITH TEA
♫ RIGHT UNDER YOUR NOSE
♫ CRAZY I SUPPOSE TO THINK
♫ A SIMPLE BISCOTTI
♫ COULD SET YOU FREE
♫ NONNINA’S BISCOTTI
♫ WITH COFFEE. WITH TEA
Can you share what’s in them?
LITTLE HARRY: ♫ A LITTLE FLOUR
BIG HARRY: ♫ SUGAR
LITTLE HARRY: ♫ ANISE
BIG HARRY: ♫ OLIVE OIL
♫ BAKING POWDER
♫ MILK. EGGS. SALT
♫ ONE CUP OF THIS
♫ A HALF A CUP OF THAT
LITTLE HARRY: ♫ ONE TEASPOON
BIG HARRY: ♫ TABLESPOON
♫ PINCH/DASH/SPLASH
♫ BLEND/KNEAD
♫ BAKE/SLICE/BAKE/TURN/BAKE
♫ HOW MANY BISCOTTI
♫ DOES YOUR RECIPE MAKE?
♫ ONE? … TWO? …
LITTLE HARRY: ♫ THREE DOZEN
♫ I PAY THREE DOLLARS
♫ FOR A SINGLE BISCOTTI
♫ AT MY FAVORITE CAFE
♫ YOURS ARE WAY BETTER
♫ I THINK WE SHOULD DO THIS
♫ LET’S PLAY WITH SOME NUMBERS
♫ TO HELP US THINK THROUGH THIS …
VOICES: ♫ DOOT … DOOT …
♫ DOOT … DOOT …
♫ LET’S SAY THEY COST
VOICES: ♫ DOOT ...
♫ A DOLLAR A DOZEN TO MAKE
♫ PLUS ANOTHER DOLLAR TO PACKAGE
VOICES: ♫ DOOT ...
♫ WE CHARGE EIGHTEEN BUCKS
♫ LESS OUR TWO DOLLAR COST
♫ THAT’S A SIXTEEN DOLLAR PROFIT
♫ IF WE SELL FOUR DOZEN A DAY
BIG HARRY: We could do that.
♫ TWENTY FIVE DOZEN A WEEK
♫ A HUNDRED DOZEN A MONTH
♫ THAT’S SIXTEEN HUNDRED BUCKS
VOICES: ♫ DOOT ...
♫ ALMOST TWENTY GRAND A YEAR
VOICES: ♫ DOOT ... DOOT ... DOOT ... DOOT ...
VOICES: ♫ AHH!
♫ UNBELIEVABLE
BIG HARRY: ♫ HOW’D SHE DO THAT?
♫ DUNNO’ BUT IT SURE
♫ SOUNDS GOOD TO ME
♫ I’M WILLING …
♫ LET’S GIVE IT A TRY
ALL: ♫ NONNINA’S BISCOTTI
♫ WITH COFFEE. WITH TEA
♫ RIGHT UNDER OUR NOSE
♫ CRAZY TO
ALL: ♫ SUPPOOSE
♫ A BISCOTTI
♫ COULD SET US FREE
♫ NONNINA’S BICOTTI
♫ WITH COFFEE....
ALL: ♫ NONNINA’S BICOTTI
♫ WITH COFFEE. WITH TEA
♫ RIGHT UNDER OUR NOSE
♫ CRAZY TO SUPPOSE
♫ A BISCOTTI
♫ COULD TURN THE KEY
♫ NONNINA’S BISCOTTI
♫ A SIMPLE BISCOTTI
♫ WILL SET
♫ US
♫ FREE
Welcome to the family!
♫ (musical sting)
Where did he go?
Probably to change so he can buy
some gift boxes for the biscotti.
Oh.
LITTLE HARRY: Come to Indian night and buy
a box of biscotti.
Come to Japanese night
and buy a box of biscotti. (laughs)
Does he know about Felidia?
I can see how that would be really hard for him.
I told him.
Are you saying I shouldn’t leave?
For you.
This cameo belonged to my mother.
Nonnina.
I love it.
FRANCINE: Ding dong.
SHERRI: Mom.
Mom. Come in. come in.
What am I doing here?
This is Francine. my mom.
Mom. this is Harry. He’s a chef.
And this is Harry’s dad Harry.
Sherri. explain!
We have the most exciting news -
Harry and I are engaged.
FRANCINE: What?
Which Harry?
BIG HARRY: (laughing) Little Harry.
Please. Just Harry.
Your daughter’s a real sweetheart.
And not just beautiful but smart ...
really smart.
Twenty-four hours ago
she was engaged to someone else.
To someone else?
FRANCINE: Yes.
She was engaged ... to another man.
She’s vulnerable. and totally reactive.
L’amore ...
it’s a powerful force.
Do you even know him?
I knew Brandon and look where that got me.
This time i’m trusting my gut.
Harry’s different.
I'll say.
Look.
I’m not asking your permission.
If you can’t get on board ...
we’ll elope.
FRANCINE: Elope?
♫ (eerie music begins)
VOICES: ♫ TRA LA LA LA
♫ TRA LA LA LA LA …
Elope?
I’ve been dreaming of her wedding
since the day she was born. Ah!
My baby.
my precious baby girl.
VOICES: ♫ HER PRECIOUS BABY GIRL …
I‘ll tell them she’ll be disinherited if
she elopes ...
but then. she’d actually elope
just to get back at me. Oh!
VOICES: ♫ TRA LA LA LA
♫ TRA LA LA ELOPE …
Why would she want to hurt me?
She’s my life.
even more so since Felix left.
And she knows how much her father hurt me.
Ewe. (inhales)
We grew up together.
we went to college together.
we started a business together.
and then one day. poof.
it’s all gone.
VOICES: ♫ TRA LA LA LA
♫ LA LA LA LA LA …
He went on some mid life
crisis odyssey to Virgin Gorda!
You never know if it will last …
Sherri.
oh Sherri.
♫ HER PRECIOUS BABY GIRL …
VOICES: ♫ Why not give love a chance?
♫ (Why not give love a chance?
Why not give love a chance?
Harry doesn’t look like a money grubber ...
He is kind of cute ...
And if he can cook.
You’re getting married next Saturday
at The Four Seasons.
The Four Seasons! What?
We just got engaged last night.
Maybe in a year or two --
It’s already booked.
LITTLE HARRY: It is?
How? Sherri? Help me out here.
And You’ll honeymoon at The Ritz in Paris.
Paris! (laughs)
LITTLE HARRY: What?
That’s where Sherri.
my cherie. was conceived.
STOP! Mom.
What are you doing? Is it because of
the deposits?
I can explain - everything was already arranged.
Screw the deposits. mom.
FRANCINE: No. my darling.
That's not it at all.
Did you forget?
♫ IN THREE MONTHS YOU'RE TURNING THIRTY
♫ NOT TWENTY.
♫ SHERRI - THIRTY
♫ AND WHEN YOU'RE PUSHING THIRTY
♫ IT MEANS YOUR EGGS
♫ ARE ALMOST FRIED
You always said you wanted at least three children
by the time you were thirty five.
That was your plan. Mom. not mine.
♫ I SHOULD KNOW I ONCE WAS THIRTY
♫ MAKING BABIES TAKES STRATEGIC PLANNING
♫ YOU GET JUST SO MANY CHANCES
♫ AND YOUR CHANCES GET MUCH SLIMMER
♫ I’M JUST TRYING TO REMIND YOU
♫ DEAR. YOUR BODY HAS A TIMER
♫ AND THE TIMER KEEPS ON TICKING
♫ AND THE TICKING IS A TIME BOMB
FRANCINE AND VOICES:
♫ EGGS YOUR BEAUTIFUL EGGS
♫ SOON WILL BE DEPLETED
♫ EGGS YOUR RADIENT EGGS
♫ SOON WILL BE DEFEATED
VOICES: ♫ EGGS …
FRANCINE: ♫ DISAPPEARING
VOICES: ♫ GLORIOUS EGGS …
FRANCINE: ♫ ROTTING
VOICES: ♫ FABULOUS EGGS …
FRANCINE: ♫ DYING
VOICES: ♫ PRETTY PINK EGGS …
FRANCINE: ♫ DEAD. DEAD. GONE
♫ IN THREE MONTHS YOU’RE TURNING THIRTY
♫ NOT TWENTY FIVE. SIX. SEVEN.
♫ EIGHT. NINE – THIRTY
♫ AND SHERRI
♫ WHEN YOU’RE THIRTY
♫ IT MEANS YOUR EGGS ARE ALMOST ‘SSFPHT’
Wait! Women these days
are having babies well into their forties.
Ahh!
♫ I SHOULD KNOW I ONCE WAS THIRTY MAKING BABIES
BIG HARRY: ♫ YOU COULD HAVE
♫ A SON
FRANCINE: ♫ TAKES STRATEGIC PLANNING
FRANCINE: ♫ YOU GET JUST SO MANY CHANCES AND YOUR CHANCES
BIG HARRY: ♫ AND NAME HIM HARRY
FRANCINE: ♫ GET MUCH SLIMMER. I'M JUST TRYING TO REMIND YOU DEAR
BIG HARRY: ♫ A GRANDSON. LITTLE. LITTLE HARRY
FRANCINE: ♫ YOUR BODY HAS A TIMER AND
BOTH: ♫ AND THE TIMER KEEPS ON TICKING
♫ AND THE TICKING IS A TIMEBOMB
VOICES: ♫ AAH
BIG HARRY AND VOICES:
♫ EGGS HER BEAUTIFUL EGGS
FRANCINE AND BIG HARRY:
♫ SOON WILL BE DEPLETED
♫ EGGS HER RADIANT EGGS
♫ SOON WILL BE DEFEATED
♫ EGGS
♫ DISAPPEARING
♫ GLORIOUS EGGS
♫ ROTTING
♫ FABULOUS EGGS
♫ DYING
♫ PRETTY PINK EGGS
♫ DEAD. DEAD.
♫ GONE
♫ IN NINETY DAYS YOU’RE TURNING THIRTY
BIG HARRY: ♫ NINETY DAYS SHE'S TURNING THIRTY
♫ TEN YEARS AWAY FROM FORTY
BIG HARRY: ♫ TEN YEARS AWAY FROM FORTY
♫ WHICH TURNS QUICKLY INTO FIFTY
♫ SIXTY. SEVENTY. EIGHTY. NINETY
♫ THEN YOU’RE DEAD AND GONE
VOICES: ♫ DEAD AND GONE
♫ SOON MY EGGS WILL BE DEPLETED
♫ FADED. DEHYDRATED
♫ DISAPPEARING. ROTTING
♫ DYING. DYING
♫ DEAD. DEAD. GONE
ALL: ♫ SOON YOUR (MY) EGGS WILL BE DEPLETED
♫ FADED. DEHYDRATED
♫ DISSIPATED. DISAPPEARING. ROTTING
♫ DYING. DYING. DEAD. DEAD. GONE --
♫ FADED. DEHYDRATED
♫ DISSIPATED. DISAPPEARING. ROTTING
♫ RANCID. SPOILED.
♫ HARD BOILED. FRYING. DYING
♫ MUMMIFYING
♫ MUMMIFYING. FRYING DYING. DYING. DYING
♫ DEAD
SHERRI: Dead?
SHERRI: Dead.
You do want children. don’t you. Harry?
You’d be such a great dad.
♫ (agitated music begins)
♫ WHAT WAS I THINKING
♫ I WASN’T THINKING
♫ WHAT AM I DOING
♫ EVERYTHING WRONG
♫ WHAT WILL I TELL HER
♫ I’M WRONG FOR THE PART?
♫ ANYTHING I SAY
♫ ANYTHING I DO …
♫ HEARTS WILL BE BROKEN
♫ BROKEN
♫ WHERE AM I GOING
♫ I’M GOING NOWHERE
♫ RUNNING AWAY FROM
♫ MYSELF AGAIN
♫ HOW CAN I TELL HER
♫ WHO AM I KIDDING
♫ ANYTHING I SAY
♫ ANYTHING I DO …
♫ HEARTS WILL BE BROKEN
♫ BROKEN
♫ HARRY RUNNING AWAY AGAIN
♫ RUNNING FASTER THAN HE CAN
♫ NO EASY WAY OUT
♫ IT WAS ALL A MISTAKE
♫ NO MATTER WHAT I SAY OR DO …
♫ HEARTS WILL BREAK …
Dad. Francine. leave .. please ..
we need to be alone.
GO! PLEASE. Sherri and I need to talk. Alone. NOW.
Okay.
FRANCINE: I'm going back to the office.
Harry?
I thought my father was bad ...
your mom was practically
picking out baby names... planning our lives.
For all I know she wants us to move in with her.
No wonder your father left.
That was mean.
You totally blindsided me.
Sherri I can’t do this. I can’t.
Are you breaking it off?
Not sure it’s “breaking it off” after one night.
Breaking it off seems a little too. too .. official.
We were engaged.
LITTLE HARRY: That was your idea.
Don’t you dare pin all this on me.
LITTLE HARRY: You --
Sure. I proposed. but I don’t remember holding a gun at your head.
LITTLE HARRY: You... and you mom. and now my Dad.
You’re just plugging me into the empty groom slot.
You know i’m right.
SHERRI: Enough. Harry. Enough.
♫ (dark music begins)
♫ I THOUGHT IT COULD WORK
♫ I NEED TO SLOW DOWN
♫ WHAT. WHERE IS IT I'M TRAVELLING
♫ WHAT'S THIS STRAIN ON MY HEART
♫ WHAT AM I TRYING TO PROVE?
♫ WHO AM I TRYING TO PLEASE
♫ LIVING SOME SILLY DELUSION
♫ CRAZY RIDICULOUS CHILDHOOD DREAM
♫ (gentle music)
♫ EVERY STORY’S THE SAME
♫ A PRINCESS. A PRINCE
♫ ONCE UPON A TIME …
♫ A FAIRYTALE WEDDING
♫ A DAUGHTER. A SON
♫ HAPPILY EVER AFTER
♫ ONCE UPON A TIME …
♫ IT’S NOT REAL
♫ WE’RE SIMPLY PLAYING A GAME
♫ I WANT MORE THAN MAKE BELIEVE …
♫ I IMAGINED A LIFE
♫ WHERE I WOULD FIND LOVE
♫ ONCE UPON A TIME …
♫ OR MAYBE LOVE WOULD FIND ME
♫ LIKE IN A FAIRYTALE
♫ ONCE UPON A TIME …
♫ IT’S NOT REAL
♫ IT’S JUST ANOTHER LIE
♫ THAT WE BUY INTO
♫ I WANT MORE THAN MAKE BELIEVE …
♫ MORE TIME …
♫ TO NOT KNOW WHAT I WANT
♫ TO QUIET ALL THE VOICES IN MY HEAD
♫ ALL THE PRESSURE
♫ ALL THE WORRY. ALL THE HURT
♫ AND FEAR AND LIES
♫ NEED TO STOP
♫ JUST STOP
(exhales)
♫ THANK YOU HARRY
♫ FOR FORCING ME
♫ TO LOOK INSIDE
♫ THANK YOU HARRY
♫ FOR SAVING ME
♫ FROM BEING JUST ANOTHER BRIDE
♫ ANOTHER
♫ BRIDE
♫ (music)
♫ IT’S A NEW DAY
(inhale. exhale)
♫ A NEW DAY
♫ IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
♫ AT THE OLD ITALIAN RESTAURANT NEAR
♫ THE CORNER OF FIFTH AND A…
(cell phone vibrates on table)
♫ (music begins)
(sets phone down)
LIDIA (V. O.): Harry Cudicini -
this is Lidia Bastianich.
I'm delighted to offer you the position
as a sous–chef at Felidia.
Please report to work with your
knives a week from Monday
at 6 am. Ciao.
(picks up phone)
LIDIA (V. O.): Harry Cudicini -
this is Lidia Bastianich.
I'm delighted to offer you the position
as a sous–chef at Felidia.
Please report to work with your
knives a week from Monday
at 6 am. Ciao.
(delighted)
Little Harry. Little Harry.
Get out here. Get out here.
You’re never gonna believe this. Some guy calls.
says he’s a location scout for a movie.
can they use Cudicini’s as a location.
Dad. I gotta tell you something -
BIG HARRY: You won't believe what they're offering
$30.000 for three days.
That’s great. Dad. But listen –
BIG HARRY: $30.000
I can pay off my back rent.
I’ll even have enough left over to market
the hell out of my newest plan.
Your newest plan?
Not just international. but a
vaygan international cuisine.
Vegan?
BIG HARRY: Vaygan.
You mean vegan. And gluten free and -
Yeah. You know what I mean. It’s what everyone wants nowadays.
and it’ll be cheaper to run without meat.
Slap me five. kid. Slap me five.
(hands slap) I have a meeting with the tofu wholesaler
on Canal Street.
Oh. and that’s not all. I’m gonna put
Sherri to work starting a business with Noninna’s Biscotti.
Dad. Dad. Stop...
the engagement is off.
What?
Why? What happened?
It was all happening too fast --
Aw. Jeez.
(ticks tongue)
(drops coat)
Well ...
it was pretty insane.
Sherri’s a doll. but getting
engaged on the first date was the kind of impulsive
thing I’d be more likely to do than you. eh.
Like father. like son?
But the idea’s still good.
You can be in charge of Noninna’s Biscotti.
Do it any way you want. I’ll stay out of it.
Dad.
Lidia called this morning
and offered me the job ...
Me. Lidia chose me.
Ah. no.
Oh Hell.
maybe it’s time you find out what the real world is like ...
Get kicked around a little like everybody else ...
It’s been too easy.
Yeah.
it’ll be a good lesson.
And maybe you’ll appreciate your ole man more.
Dad. I do appreciate you. I’m going to make you proud.
Basta. Little Harry. Basta. ("Enough")
Just say. “Thanks. Dad.”
Thanks. Dad.
(kisses forehead)
♫ (music)
(inhale. exhale)
♫ IT’S A NEW DAY
♫ NOTHING GOES AS IT’S PLANNED
♫ NEVER DOES
♫ SO WHY DO WE THINK THAT WE KNOW …
FRANCINE: Sherri! Stop.
Mom? What are you doing out here?
I followed you.
I was worried sick.
You came home and slammed the door and you wouldn’t
let me in.
The engagement is -
Off. I figured that out.
Please tell me it wasn’t all my fault.
No ... There’s blame enough to go around…
I know I can be a bit …
pushy.
You think?
So. here’s the deal. Mom.
I’m moving out.
It’s time for me to be on my own.
Okay.
And I’m giving notice.
I need to find my own thing.
Okay.
And Mom.
I’ll have children if
and when I’m ready.
Okay.
What are you doing out here. anyhow?
I’m bringing the dress back to Zoya’s and
the cameo Harry’s dad gave me.
I’ll return the dress.
you return the cameo.
Okay.
♫ (music begins)
♫ (soft music)
(inhale. exhale)
SHERRI: Hey. Sorry to barge in.
I was looking for your dad.
He’s out stocking up on tofu –
soft. dried. fermented. pickled -
I came to bring him back Nonnina’s pin.
Please...
don’t forget to give him back his pin.
Don’t just stuff it in some drawer. it’s -
I got it ...
I will.
Tell him I’m sorry I never
got my Italian lessons.
LITTLE HARRY: I will.
And tell him ... ciao.
Ciao.
Sherri ...
I’m sorry I was so unkind.
You were. Harry.
You really were.
LITTLE HARRY: I know.
I didn’t mean to hurt you. but I panicked.
I know that’s no excuse.
No. it’s not.
What about “Kaboom?”
“Kaboom?”
I didn’t just imagine it...
it wasn’t just me.
LITTLE HARRY: No.
you didn’t.
Well…
What's your favorite color?
♫ (music)
My favorite color?
♫ WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE COLOR?
♫ WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE FLOWER?
♫ YOUR FAVORITE KIND OF MUSIC?
♫ YOUR FAVORITE FOOD?
♫ WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE SEASON?
♫ YOUR FAVORITE PLACE ON EARTH?
♫ TIME OF DAY?
♫ OR NIGHT?
♫ YOUR FAVORITE ANYTHING?
We barely got to know each other.
Yeah.
Do you think one day .. When you’ve had enough
time to sift through everything .. I can.
I can cook you another meal?
Sherri ...
Please?
♫ YOU OPENED A DOOR
♫ I'M NOT SURE HOW TO WALK THROUGH
♫ DON'T KNOW EXACTLY
♫ WHAT MOVE TO MAKE
♫ WHAT TO TAKE
♫ WHAT TO LEAVE BEHIND
♫ IT’S NEW
♫ THIS FEELING
♫ I’VE NEVER FELT BEFORE
♫ AND I LIKE HOW I FEEL
♫ BEING HERE WITH YOU
♫ YOU OPENED MY EYES
♫ I SEE MORE NOW THAN BEFORE
♫ STILL I'M UNCERTAIN
♫ WHICH WAY TO TURN
♫ WHAT I NEED TO LEARN
♫ IT'S NEW
♫ THIS FEELING
♫ TOO NEW TO UNDERSTAND
♫ AND I LIKE HOW I FEEL WITH YOU
♫ HOW I FEEL WITH YOU. I FEEL IT TOO
SHERRI: ♫ AND I LIKE THAT YOU FEEL IT TOO
BOTH: ♫ LET’S START AT THE START
♫ YOU AND I
♫ HEART TO HEART
♫ WHAT’S YOUR FAVORITE COLOR?
Pink.
Green.
♫ WHAT’S YOUR FAVORITE FLOWER?
Roses.
Tulips.
♫ SEASON?
Spring.
Summer.
♫ PLACE ON EARTH?
Both: New York.
♫ (music begins)
(inhale. exhale)
♫ HMM
♫ (ending music)